docs: add basic docs for bulk search API (#241)
UAlbertaALTLab/recording-validation-interface: README.md

 - `dialect`: the region of Cree that this person speaks
 - `recording_url`: Absolute URI to the audio, encoded as AAC in an MP4
   container (a `*.m4a` file). This can be used in an `<audio>` tag.
 - `speaker_bio_url`: Absolute URI to the speaker's biography.

### Bulk recording search

URL:

    /api/bulk_search?q={wordform-1}&q={wordform-2}&...&q={wordform-n}

Where `{wordform-i}` is a wordform that you want to get recordings for.
The spelling must be **exact** to the `Phrase.transcription`. You can
search for an arbitrary amount of wordforms, however note that services
may not process large requests (see: “Errors” below).

#### Response

The response is an object with two name/value pairs:

```json
{
  "matched_recordings": [...],
  "not_found": [...]
}
```

 - `matched_recordings` will be an array of recording results (see above).
 - `not_found` is an array of strings; each string is a wordform that
   has no recordings.

#### Errors

speech-db will not explicitly issue errors, however application servers
and proxies may drop or reject large requests. If speech-db is running
in front of an application server (e.g., `uwsgi`), you may get **502 Bad

> Gateway** errors when too many wordforms are request. The fix is to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gateway** errors when too many wordforms are requested. The fix is to
```

            "speaker_name": "kîsikâw",
            "wordform": "nikiskisin"
        },
        {
            "anonymous": false,
            "dialect": "Maskwacîs",
            "gender": "F",
            "recording_url": "http://speech-db.altlab.app/media/audio/7353dda3d48799325ee62de0eceb4b50839382cfcf0ebf96c70d84fd37881201_PYYtyur.m4a",
            "speaker": "ROS",
            "speaker_bio_url": "https://www.altlab.dev/maskwacis/Speakers/ROS.html",
            "speaker_name": "Rose Makinaw",
            "wordform": "nikiskisin"
        },
        {
            "anonymous": false,
            "dialect": "Maskwacîs",
            "gender": "F",
            "recording_url": "http://speech-db.altlab.app/media/audio/dac08c374354594b7a77195daa4fd2e12a88acc5acf4e4894dd612354c1e7a92_XnZV0UY.m4a",
            "speaker": "ROS",
            "speaker_bio_url": "https://www.altlab.dev/maskwacis/Speakers/ROS.html",
            "speaker_name": "Rose Makinaw",
            "wordform": "nikiskisin"
        }
    ],
    "not_found": [
        "fhqwhgads"
    ]
}
```

### Legacy recording search

URL:

    /recording/_search/{query}

> Where `{query}` is replaced by one ore more Cree word forms, written in

Author: ```suggestion
Where `{query}` is replaced by one ore more Cree wordforms, written in
```

> SRO. If more than one word form is supplied, each word form must be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SRO. If more than one wordform is supplied, each wordform must be
```
(there's one more on the line above)
